# Github Copilot
https://copilot.github.com/

Above is a link to a site about one of github's upcoming projects: Github Copilot. The concept is that Github has exposed a machine learning algorithm to lots of code that people have written as well as the english language to train an AI to help people write code. The AI isn't able to just write code from scratch, but it's able to autocomplete methods and other parts of code while the author is writing them. Personally, one of the things I find most interesting about this is that even if the knowledge on how to write the code is coming from preexisting code, a lot of the code that's actually generated is original. To me, the idea of a program that can write its own original code is really exiciting. Certainly the days of a sci-fi distopia where a self-proliferating AI that takes over the world is far off, but this is certainly a step in that direction. I wonder if one day AI will allow the process of coding to be so abstract or simple that all one needs to perform complicated tasks is a grasp of spoken language.

Edit by Austin Lee: I have never heard about this service before this but, it is very interesting to say the least! Technology has come so far and I can definetly see this being used heavily in the near future. Thinking about it, this service can be used by beginners who needs help coding to pros that just needs to cut down on time. The fact that this coding service applies to the all of the coding community is such a cool concept to me!